.lwjgl/3.3.3+5/x64/OpenAL.dll
.lwjgl/3.3.3+5/x64/glfw.dll
.lwjgl/3.3.3+5/x64/jemalloc.dll
.lwjgl/3.3.3+5/x64/lwjgl.dll
.lwjgl/3.3.3+5/x64/lwjgl_opengl.dll
audio/click.mp3
audio/correctFull.mp3
audio/correctWord.mp3
audio/declick.mp3
audio/down.mp3
audio/enter.mp3
audio/hover.mp3
audio/lastTry.mp3
audio/lastTry2.mp3
audio/lose.mp3
audio/open.mp3
audio/up.mp3
audio/up_old.mp3
audio/win.mp3
audio/wrongFull.mp3
audio/wrongWord.mp3
font/LICENSE.txt
font/Roboto-Black.ttf
font/Roboto-BlackItalic.ttf
font/Roboto-Bold.ttf
font/Roboto-BoldItalic.ttf
font/Roboto-Italic.ttf
font/Roboto-Light.ttf
font/Roboto-LightItalic.ttf
font/Roboto-Medium.ttf
font/Roboto-MediumItalic.ttf
font/Roboto-Regular.ttf
font/Roboto-Thin.ttf
font/Roboto-ThinItalic.ttf
font/r_black.fnt
font/r_black.png
font/r_bold.fnt
font/r_bold.png
font/r_bolder.fnt
font/r_bolder1.png
font/r_bolder2.png
font/r_bolder3.png
font/r_med.fnt
font/r_med.png
font/r_white.fnt
font/r_white1.png
font/r_white2.png
font/r_white3.png
letters/BACKSPACE.png
letters/ENTER.png
letters/SPACE - Copy.png
letters/SPACE.png
letters/a.png
letters/b.png
letters/backup/BACKSPACE.png
letters/backup/ENTER.png
letters/backup/SPACE.png
letters/backup/a.png
letters/backup/b.png
letters/backup/c.png
letters/backup/d.png
letters/backup/down/BACKSPACE.png
letters/backup/down/ENTER.png
letters/backup/down/SPACE.png
letters/backup/down/a.png
letters/backup/down/b.png
letters/backup/down/c.png
letters/backup/down/d.png
letters/backup/down/e.png
letters/backup/down/f.png
letters/backup/down/g.png
letters/backup/down/h.png
letters/backup/down/i.png
letters/backup/down/j.png
letters/backup/down/k.png
letters/backup/down/l.png
letters/backup/down/m.png
letters/backup/down/n.png
letters/backup/down/o.png
letters/backup/down/p.png
letters/backup/down/q.png
letters/backup/down/r.png
letters/backup/down/s.png
letters/backup/down/t.png
letters/backup/down/u.png
letters/backup/down/v.png
letters/backup/down/w.png
letters/backup/down/x.png
letters/backup/down/y.png
letters/backup/down/z.png
letters/backup/e.png
letters/backup/f.png
letters/backup/g.png
letters/backup/h.png
letters/backup/hover/BACKSPACE.png
letters/backup/hover/ENTER.png
letters/backup/hover/SPACE.png
letters/backup/hover/a.png
letters/backup/hover/b.png
letters/backup/hover/c.png
letters/backup/hover/d.png
letters/backup/hover/e.png
letters/backup/hover/f.png
letters/backup/hover/g.png
letters/backup/hover/h.png
letters/backup/hover/i.png
letters/backup/hover/j.png
letters/backup/hover/k.png
letters/backup/hover/l.png
letters/backup/hover/m.png
letters/backup/hover/n.png
letters/backup/hover/o.png
letters/backup/hover/p.png
letters/backup/hover/q.png
letters/backup/hover/r.png
letters/backup/hover/s.png
letters/backup/hover/t.png
letters/backup/hover/u.png
letters/backup/hover/v.png
letters/backup/hover/w.png
letters/backup/hover/x.png
letters/backup/hover/y.png
letters/backup/hover/z.png
letters/backup/i.png
letters/backup/j.png
letters/backup/k.png
letters/backup/l.png
letters/backup/m.png
letters/backup/n.png
letters/backup/o.png
letters/backup/p.png
letters/backup/q.png
letters/backup/r.png
letters/backup/s.png
letters/backup/t.png
letters/backup/u.png
letters/backup/v.png
letters/backup/w.png
letters/backup/x.png
letters/backup/y.png
letters/backup/z.png
letters/c.png
letters/d.png
letters/down/BACKSPACE.png
letters/down/ENTER.png
letters/down/SPACE.png
letters/down/a.png
letters/down/b.png
letters/down/c.png
letters/down/d.png
letters/down/e.png
letters/down/f.png
letters/down/g.png
letters/down/h.png
letters/down/i.png
letters/down/j.png
letters/down/k.png
letters/down/l.png
letters/down/m.png
letters/down/n.png
letters/down/o.png
letters/down/p.png
letters/down/q.png
letters/down/r.png
letters/down/s.png
letters/down/t.png
letters/down/u.png
letters/down/v.png
letters/down/w.png
letters/down/x.png
letters/down/y.png
letters/down/z.png
letters/e.png
letters/f.png
letters/g.png
letters/h.png
letters/hover - Copy/BACKSPACE.png
letters/hover - Copy/ENTER.png
letters/hover - Copy/SPACE.png
letters/hover - Copy/a.png
letters/hover - Copy/b.png
letters/hover - Copy/c.png
letters/hover - Copy/d - Copy.png
letters/hover - Copy/d.png
letters/hover - Copy/e.png
letters/hover - Copy/f.png
letters/hover - Copy/g.png
letters/hover - Copy/h.png
letters/hover - Copy/i.png
letters/hover - Copy/j.png
letters/hover - Copy/k.png
letters/hover - Copy/l.png
letters/hover - Copy/m.png
letters/hover - Copy/n.png
letters/hover - Copy/o.png
letters/hover - Copy/p.png
letters/hover - Copy/q.png
letters/hover - Copy/r.png
letters/hover - Copy/s.png
letters/hover - Copy/t.png
letters/hover - Copy/u.png
letters/hover - Copy/v.png
letters/hover - Copy/w.png
letters/hover - Copy/x.png
letters/hover - Copy/y.png
letters/hover - Copy/z.png
letters/hover/BACKSPACE.png
letters/hover/ENTER.png
letters/hover/SPACE.png
letters/hover/a.png
letters/hover/b.png
letters/hover/c.png
letters/hover/d.png
letters/hover/e.png
letters/hover/f.png
letters/hover/g.png
letters/hover/h.png
letters/hover/i.png
letters/hover/j.png
letters/hover/k.png
letters/hover/l.png
letters/hover/m.png
letters/hover/n.png
letters/hover/o.png
letters/hover/p.png
letters/hover/q.png
letters/hover/r.png
letters/hover/s.png
letters/hover/t.png
letters/hover/u.png
letters/hover/v.png
letters/hover/w.png
letters/hover/x.png
letters/hover/y.png
letters/hover/z.png
letters/i.png
letters/j.png
letters/k.png
letters/l.png
letters/m.png
letters/n.png
letters/o.png
letters/p.png
letters/q.png
letters/r.png
letters/s.png
letters/t.png
letters/u.png
letters/v.png
letters/w.png
letters/x.png
letters/y.png
letters/z.png
lexicon/dictionary.txt
libgdx.png
logo/LOGO5.png
logo/LOGO6.png
logo/logo.png
logo/logo2.png
tutorial/gifs/answer.gif
tutorial/gifs/fullguess.gif
tutorial/gifs/guess.gif
tutorial/gifs/letter_white/blinking.gif
tutorial/gifs/letter_white/click.gif
tutorial/gifs/letter_white/white.gif
tutorial/gifs/letter_white/white_loop.gif
tutorial/gifs/tries.gif
tutorial/gifs/wrong.gif
tutorial/how.jpg
tutorial/how2.jpg
tutorial/howToPlay.png
tutorial/howToPlayInvert.png
tutorial/howToPlayX.png
ui/default.png
ui/defaultTemplate.pfx
ui/old/def (2).fnt
ui/old/def (3).fnt
ui/old/def (4).fnt
ui/old/def.fnt
ui/old/default.fnt
ui/old/r_bold.fnt
ui/old/r_bold.png
ui/old/r_med.fnt
ui/old/r_med.png
ui/old/uiskin.png
ui/old/uiskin2.png
ui/particle.png
ui/pre_particle.png
ui/r_black.fnt
ui/r_black.png
ui/r_bolder.fnt
ui/r_bolder1.png
ui/r_bolder2.png
ui/r_bolder3.png
ui/r_white.fnt
ui/r_white1.png
ui/r_white2.png
ui/r_white3.png
ui/uiskin.atlas
ui/uiskin.json
ui/uiskin.png
ui/uiskin2.atlas
ui/uiskin2.json
ui/uiskin2.png
ui/uiskin3.atlas
ui/uiskin3.json
ui/uiskin3.png
